Madam Ji returned to China today
Let you come back immediately
I'll be right there.
Mom didn't tell me in advance why she came back
So I can pick you up at the airport if I don't come back
I'm afraid you're not even married
Didn't I tell you that I was taken away and locked up in that community when I was a child?
Mengmeng has always been with me. I promised you that I would marry you when I grew up. I heard that he is the one in the money, right?
Call Mr. Qin
In a hurry today
Next time I take him to see you, you are the successor of the Ji Shi Group. You can't be hasty in your military affairs
In case someone with a heart takes advantage of it
The little girl is regretting his behavior
Also understood
Good elementary school will be left behind
If you meet him, I believe you will like it.
Mom, what's the matter with you?
Mom
Bring your emotions.
It's okay mom
Mr. Ji
If you get food poisoning
I'll give him some vomiting pills first
If it still doesn't work
Take it to the hospital for gastric lavage immediately.
OK
Oh, dear.
How are you feeling, Mrs. Liu?
Are you still uncomfortable?
Ah prince
Where did you go to bed?
I'm going to rest today.
He looks just like that woman.